Provide feedback for this project
Build a Process for Creating Interviewer Records
Learning Objectives
In this project, you’ll:

Build processes in an HR recruiting app that streamline workflow for creating interviewer records and approving new positions.
Create a flow for the app to simplify the process of rating candidates and make the rating process consistent.
Introduction
As AW Computing grows, you continue to look for new talent. You’ve already taken care of a number of requests from Ling Wu, the vice president of Human Resources, to improve her team’s recruiting app. Now she’d like you to add automation to the mix.

Ling would like to automate the creation of interviewer records for hiring managers. She’d like to establish an approval process for new positions. And she wants a more user-friendly process for candidate scoring.

Note
Before you can do this project, you must complete the Build a Data Model for a Recruiting App, Customize the User Interface for a Recruiting App, Improve Data Quality for a Recruiting App, and Keep Data Secure in a Recruiting App projects. The work you do here builds on the work you complete in those projects.

Set Up a Process with Process Builder
The first thing to tackle is automated interviewer records. To set this up, you use the Lightning Process Builder, which automates tasks using conditions and actions. With Process Builder, you define evaluation criteria, determining which objects the rule you create applies to. You establish the criteria that records must meet to trigger the rule. Then you set up time triggers that determine when the process action fires.

Once your criteria are in place, immediate or time-dependent actions are set in motion. These actions can include creating a record, updating a record, sending an email, posting to Chatter, initiating a quick action, submitting for approval, launching a flow, or calling an Apex class. 

Start by creating a process with an immediate action.

From Setup, enter Process Builder in the Quick Find box and select Process Builder.
Click Newand define the process properties.
Name: Create Interviewer Record
The process starts when: A record changes
Click Save.
Click + Add Object.
Select Position from the Object picklist.
Under Start the process, select only when a record is created.
Click Save.
Click + Add Criteria.
For Criteria Name enter Hiring Manager Not Blank.
Select Conditions are met under Criteria for Executing Actions, then set the conditions.
Field: Position: Hiring_Manager__c
Operator: Does Not Equal
Type: Global Constant
Value: $GlobalConstant.Null Process Builder step Define Criteria for this Action Group showing selected criteria.
Click Save.
Under Immediate Actions, click + Add Action and fill in the details.
Action Type: Create a Record
Action Name: Create Interviewer Record
Record Type: Interviewer
Under Set Field Values, relate the Employee field to the Hiring Manager.
Field: Employee
Type: Field Reference
Value: Hiring_Manager__c
Relate the interviewer record to the position record by clicking + Add Rowand filling in the details.
Field: Position
Type: Field Reference
Value: Record ID Process Builder Create a Record step showing selected field values.
Click Save, Activate, then Confirm.
Test the Process
Now that the process is activated, you can test the process you just created. But first, add a hiring manager user.

From Setup, enter Users in the Quick Find box and select Users.
Click New Userand fill in the details.
Field
Value
First Name
Kathy
Last Name
Cooper
Email
enter your own email
Username
kcooper@[your initials + your favorite color].com (e.g., kcooper@APyellow.com)
Nickname
kcoop
Title
Customer Support Manager
Role
Customer Support, North America
User License
Salesforce Platform

Profile
Standard Platform User
Deselect Generate new password and notify user immediately.
Click Save.
Now test the process you created.

Click App Launcher to open the App Launcher, then click Recruiting.
Click Positions, then New.
Select the record type Nontechnical Position, then click Next and fill in the details.

Field
Value
Title
Super Support Supervisor
Status
New
Department
Support
Location
US
Hiring Manager
Kathy Cooper
Job Description
Manage a team that fields inquiries and cases from customers
Pay Grade
S-200
Click Save.
Click the Related tab.
