Components of a Process
Every process consists of the followiung things
1.) a trigger, 
2.) at least one criteria node, and
3.) at least one action.

You can configure immediate actions or schedule actions to be executed at a specific time.

Trigger: Identify When the Process Should Run
The trigger identifies when the process should run. For record change processes, the trigger determines which object and which of the following changes the process should pay attention to.

Only when a record is created
Anytime a record is created or edited
Criteria: Determine Whether or Not to Execute Actions
While a process gets one trigger, you can add as many criteria nodes as your heart desires. Each criteria node controls whether or not the process executes the associated actions. If the record doesn’t meet the criteria, the process skips those actions and moves on to the next criteria node in the process.

In each criteria node, you can:

Set filter conditions.
Enter a custom formula. Like in validation rules, the formula must resolve to true or false.
Opt out of criteria and always execute the associated actions.
Actions: What the Process Should Do
When a criteria node evaluates to true, the process executes the associated actions or waits to execute them at a scheduled time.

Each immediate action is executed as soon as the criteria evaluates to true.
Each scheduled action is executed at the specified time, such as 10 days before the record’s close date or 2 days from now. At the specified time, Salesforce makes sure that the associated criteria node still evaluates to true. If so, the scheduled action is executed. You can schedule actions based on either:
A specific date/time field on the record that started the process. For example, a month before an account's service contract expires.
The time that the process ran. For example, 3 days from now.
Regardless of when the actions execute, here are some of the things you can do with a process action.

Create records.
Update the record that started the process or any related record.
Submit that record for approval.
Update one or more related records.
Send emails using a specified email template.
Post to a Chatter feed.
